As an AI developed to assist with various tasks, I'm capable of performing a wide range of activities in addition to understanding 
masked language models (MLM), next sentence prediction (NSP), autoregressive languages, and BERT/GPT comparisons. Here are several 
more things you might find useful:

Text summarization - I can condense large pieces of text into shorter versions while maintaining the original content's key points.
This is helpful for getting a quick overview without reading through lengthy articles or documents in their entirety.

Sentiment analysis and opinion mining - Based on your input, I can gauge whether the sentiment behind certain text pieces (like 
product reviews) are positive, negative, or neutral. This helps understand public opinions about various topics better.

"sentence extraction" – Extract meaningful sentences from larger texts related to specific themes without reading through 
everything in detail. It's a time-saver when you need essential information rather than the full context.

Text completion - If I know part of an article, review or any other text document, I can complete it by suggesting plausible 
continuations based on language patterns and semantics. This feature is helpful for creative writing tasks where writers might face a 
block in their work flow.

Dialog generation – Simulate natural human dialogues that are contextually appropriate to your input or query, which could be used as
chatbots training data or simply entertainment purposes like role-playing scenarios with friends and family for fun activities such 
as improvisation games.

Question answering - When provided a question related to various subjects ranging from general knowledge queries to specific domain 
questions (like tech, history), I can provide informative answers which are accurate based on my training data up until the cutoff in 
April 2021. Keep in mind that for real-time or very recent information post this date, you may want to consult other sources as well 
since AI models don't have access to live updates beyond their last update.

Translation - I can translate text from one language into another up until the knowledge cutoff point in April 2021 (for languages not
yet included, please refer to online translation services for accuracy). This helps non-native speakers understand content or 
communicate with people who are native of different linguistic backgrounds.

Spell checking and grammar correction - Review your written text input and I can provide corrections on spelling mistakes as well as 
grammatical errors, which assists in refining the clarity of writing. This is helpful for both personal use like drafting emails or 
reports and professional contexts such as academic papers where precision matters a lot.

Creative prompt generation - If you're looking to stimulate creativity through ideas that could serve as story concepts, themes for 
projects, art inspiration among other things – I can generate diverse suggestions based on various genres and styles imaginable from 
my training data till April 2021.

Please note the performance of these services is tied closely with what has been trained into me up to my knowledge cutoff date in 
early 2023, which includes a lot about language understanding but might not reflect real-time information or recent events outside 
that scope.